8TH WALL LICENSE AGREEMENT

BY DOWNLOADING OUR TECHNOLOGY (AS DEFINED BELOW) AND/OR OUR SAMPLE APPLICATION
(AS DEFINED BELOW), YOU OR THE ENTITY OR COMPANY THAT YOU REPRESENT (“LICENSEE”)
ARE UNCONDITIONALLY CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY, ARE BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS 8TH
WALL LICENSE AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”), AND ARE HEREBY REPRESENTING AND WARRANTING
THAT LICENSEE IS AUTHORIZED TO BIND LICENSEE. LICENSEE’S DOWNLOAD, INSTALLATION
OR CONTINUED USE OF THE TECHNOLOGY AND/OR THE SAMPLE APPLICATION SHALL ALSO
CONSTITUTE ASSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  IF LICENSEE DOES NOT
UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, LICENSEE WILL HAVE
NO RIGHT TO USE THE TECHNOLOGY OR THE SAMPLE APPLICATION. IF THESE TERMS ARE
CONSIDERED AN OFFER, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO  ALL OF THESE TERMS, TO
THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS.

1.    Limited License to Use the Technology. Subject to full compliance with the
terms of this Agreement, 8th Wall, Inc. (“we,” “us” “our” or “8th Wall”) hereby
grants Licensee a limited, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable,
royalty-free, nonexclusive license to use the plug-ins and software available by
8th Wall for download that enables augmented reality functionality in mobile
phones (the “Technology”) for the sole purpose of allowing Licensee to build
(strictly in accordance with our documentation) software applications (each an
“App”) and that may communicate with 8th Wall’s proprietary augmented reality
service (the “Service”), and for other purposes authorized by us in writing.

2.    Limited License to Distribute the Technology in Licensee’s App. Subject to
full compliance with the terms of this Agreement, we hereby grant Licensee a
limited, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free,
nonexclusive license to distribute the Technology in object code form only as
part of an App, and only subject to an end-user license agreement which is at
least as protective of our proprietary rights in the Technology as those
contained in this agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, these terms and
conditions must include terms for 8th Wall’s benefit regarding (a) restrictions
on reverse engineering (to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law); (b)
disclaimer of warranties; and (c) limitation of liability, all of which must be
at least as beneficial to 8th Wall as those contained herein.
 
3.    Limited License to Use the Sample Application. Subject to full compliance
with the terms of this Agreement, we hereby grant Licensee a limited, personal,
non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free, nonexclusive license to
download and use the sample application available by 8th Wall for download (the
“Sample Application”) solely for the purpose of evaluating the Sample
Application and the functionality of the Technology.

4.    Restrictions. Licensee must not have a current or proposed program that is
competitive with the Technology.  If Licensee intends at any time to institute
such a program, Licensee will promptly inform 8th Wall, will not use in that
program (whether for advice, review or otherwise) any personnel who have had
access to any part of the Technology, and will not use any part of the
Technology or any related intellectual property in connection with that program.
Except in connection with Licensee’s limited right to distribute the Technology
in object code form in accordance with Section 2, Licensee will not disclose (or
allow access to) the Technology (or any information derived from them) to any
third party and will limit access to the Technology (and any derived
information) to individuals who are developing the App and who are bound by this
agreement (“Authorized Users”). In support of this obligation, Licensee will
apply at least the same security that Licensee uses to protect Licensee’s own
most confidential information.  Licensee will not modify, reverse engineer or
otherwise attempt to discover the source code of any aspect of the Technology or
the Sample Application or authorize or encourage anyone else to do so (except to
the extent such restriction is prohibited by applicable law).

5.    Changes to the Technology. Licensee’s App must maintain 100% compatibility
with the Technology and the Service (including changes provided to Licensee by
8th Wall which shall be implemented in the App promptly thereafter). Licensee
understands and agrees that we may cease support of old versions or releases of
the Technology at any time. We may also automatically update the version of the
Technology that Licensee is using and/or which is installed on each Device of
Licensee’s end users.
 
6.    Fees. Certain versions or functionalities of the Technology may currently
be free of charge, but we reserve the right to make certain additional features,
updates or new versions/releases available only for payment.

7.    Improvements. Licensee hereby grants 8th Wall a nonexclusive,
sublicensable, fully-paid, worldwide license to fully exercise and exploit all
copyright or patent rights (“Intellectual Property Rights”) with respect to
improvements or extensions that may be created by or for Licensee and are
relevant to the Technology.  For clarity, Licensee is not required to disclose
any such Intellectual Property Rights to 8th Wall.

8.    Data Collection.
      a.  Licensee agrees and hereby consents to 8th Wall’s collection of the
          following data and information in connection with Licensee’s use of the
          Technology in an App which 8th Wall may use for its business purposes:
            i.  The version of the Technology;
           ii.  The company name associated with the development tool Licensee
                uses to develop the App (the “Developer Tool”) (e.g. Unity);
          iii.  The organization reverse domain associated with the App;
           iv.  The operating system and version running on Licensee’s Developer
                Tool, (e.g. Mac OSX 12.5.1 / Windows 10.02);
            v.  The version of Licensee’s Developer Tool, (e.g. Unity 5.6.1f
                Pro);
           vi.  The system language set on the operating system;
          vii.  A truncated hash of a device unique identifier;
         viii.  A truncated hash of the user ID associated with the developer
                tool; and
           ix.  Other similar non-personalized data. 

      b.  Licensee agrees and hereby consents to 8th Wall’s collection of the
          following data and information in connection use of the App on a
          Device, which 8th Wall may use for its business purposes:
            i.  A unique identifier from each Device; 
           ii. The device model and manufacturer (e.g. Samsung S8 us-edition); 
          iii. The bundle ID of the App; 
           iv. Timing, performance, and error metrics of the App; 
            v. Each Device’s camera characteristics (e.g., the focal length of
               the camera);
           vi. The operating system and version of each Device (e.g. Android
               6.0.);
          vii. The country in which each Device is located; 
         viii. The configured language set on each Device; and
           ix. Other similar non-personalized data. 

Licensee represents and warrants that it (i) has and will obtain all consents
and permissions (from other Authorized Users as well as end users of the App and
of each Device) required for Licensee to grant the rights and permissions in
this Section 8 and to enable 8th Wall to legally collect, retain and use  the
data described in this Section 8 (including, at a minimum, publishing an
appropriate privacy policy); and (ii) will comply with all applicable laws,
rules and regulations (including those relating to export control).

9.    Indemnification. Licensee shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless 8th
Wall, its affiliates and each of its and its affiliates’ employees, contractors,
directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), that arise from or relate to
(i) Licensee’s, an Authorized End User’s or Licensee’s end users’ use or misuse
of the Technology (ii) Licensee’s violation of this Agreement or breach of its
representations or warranties, (iii) infringement by Licensee or any Authorized
User of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity, or
(iv) a claim alleging that Licensee or the App infringes or violates the rights
of, or has caused harm to, a third party.  8th Wall reserves the right to assume
the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to
indemnification by Licensee, in which event Licensee shall assist and cooperate
with 8th Wall in asserting any available defenses.

10.   DISCLAIMER. 8TH WALL PROVIDES THE TECHNOLOGY AND THE SAMPLE APPLICATION
“AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF
THIS AGREEMENT. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED
WARRANTY LASTS SO THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE.

11.   LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, TORT, CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
OTHERWISE, SHALL 8TH WALL OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR RESELLERS BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR
ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL,
ACCURACY OF RESULTS, DEVICE FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM
LICENSEE’S USE OF THE TECHNOLOGY OR THE SAMPLE APPLICATION. 8TH WALL’S LIABILITY
FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
LIMITED TO $100. THE FOREGOING WILL NOT APPLY TO DAMAGES FOR BODILY INJURY THAT,
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, CANNOT BE SO LIMITED. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL
APPLY EVEN IF LICENSEE HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION AND EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO
LICENSEE.

12.   Term; Termination. This Agreement is effective as of the date Licensee
begins using the Technology (whether in the development environment or in Apps)
or the Sample Application and is effective until terminated in accordance with
this Section 12. Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time by removing
or ceasing all use of the Technology or the Sample Application. We may terminate
this Agreement and Licensee’s access to the Technology and/or Sample Application
at any time and for any reason. All licenses granted to Licensee hereunder
terminate upon termination or expiration of this Agreement.

13.   Miscellaneous. This Agreement represents the complete agreement concerning
the subject matter hereof between the parties and supersedes all prior
agreements and representations between them. This Agreement may be amended only
by a writing executed by both parties. If any provision of this Agreement is
held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only
to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. The failure of 8th Wall to act
with respect to a breach of this Agreement by Licensee or others does not
constitute a waiver and shall not limit 8th Wall’s rights with respect to such
breach or any subsequent breaches. This Agreement is personal to Licensee and
may not be assigned or transferred for any reason whatsoever without 8th Wall’s
consent and any action or conduct in violation of the foregoing shall be void
and without effect. 8th Wall expressly reserves the right to assign this
Agreement and to delegate any of its obligations hereunder. This Agreement shall
be governed by and construed under California law as such law applies to
agreements between California residents entered into and to be performed within
California. The sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue for actions arising
under this Agreement shall be the State and Federal courts in San Francisco,
California; both parties hereby agree to service of process in accordance with
the rules of such courts. The party prevailing in any dispute under this
Agreement shall be entitled to its costs and legal fees.

Please contact support@8thwall.com if you have any questions or concerns
regarding the Technology or the Sample Application. 

